||Java coding interview questions ||
#SDET
1. Reverse a String: - done
 Write a Java program to reverse a given string.
2. Find the Largest Element in an Array: - done
 Find and print the largest element in an array.
3. Check for Palindrome: - done
 Determine if a given string is a palindrome (reads the same backward as forward).
4. Factorial Calculation: - done
 Write a function to calculate the factorial of a number.
5. Fibonacci Series: - done
 Generate the first n numbers in the Fibonacci sequence.
6. Check for Prime Number: - done
 Write a program to check if a given number is prime.
7. String Anagrams: - done
 Determine if two strings are anagrams of each other.

8. Array Sorting: - InProgress
 Implement sorting algorithms like bubble sort, merge sort, or quicksort.

9. Binary Search: - Done
 Implement a binary search algorithm to find an element in a sorted array.

10. Duplicate Elements in an Array: - done
 Find and print duplicate elements in an array.

11. Linked List Reversal:
 Reverse a singly-linked list.

12. Matrix Operations:
 Perform matrix operations like addition, multiplication, or transpose.

13. Implement a Stack:
 Create a stack data structure and implement basic operations (push, pop).

14. Implement a Queue:
 Create a queue data structure and implement basic operations (enqueue, dequeue).

15. Inheritance and Polymorphism:
 Implement a class hierarchy with inheritance and demonstrate polymorphism.

16. Exception Handling:
 Write code that demonstrates the use of try-catch blocks to handle exceptions.
17. File I/O:
 Read from and write to a file using Java's file I/O capabilities.
18. Multithreading:
 Create a simple multithreaded program and demonstrate thread synchronization.
19. Lambda Expressions:
 Use lambda expressions to implement functional interfaces.
20. Recursive Algorithms:
 Solve a problem using recursion, such as computing the factorial or Fibonacci sequence.

#coding #javaprogramming #interviewpreparation #interviewquestions
#PratimaSingh
